Making the landing page more friendlier (#6791)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/index.rst

************************

``sunpy`` is a community-developed, free and open-source solar data analysis environment for Python.
It provides search and download functionality, data containers for image and time series data, as well as commonly used coordinate frames and transformations between such frames.

> .. image:: tour.png

Reviewer: Switch back to `tour.svg`

************************

``sunpy`` is a community-developed, free and open-source solar data analysis environment for Python.
It provides search and download functionality, data containers for image and time series data, as well as commonly used coordinate frames and transformations between such frames.

.. image:: tour.svg

>   :width: 700

Reviewer 2: Do we need to add this? I just wonder how this will work on smaller displays.

Author: I think it'd be fine with 300px too, I just checked on my local setup

Reviewer 2: What if we just remove this?

Author: Yeah I think that'll work too

************************

``sunpy`` is a community-developed, free and open-source solar data analysis environment for Python.

> It can be used for downloading solar data, such as maps and time series, it can also be used to calculate coordinates among other uses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It provides search and download functionality, data containers for image and time series data, as well as commonly used coordinate frames and transformations between such frames.
```

.. image:: tour.svg
  :width: 700

>   :align: center

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :align: center

```
